# Group-Image-of-Consumers--Intelligent-Scoring-of-Credits
Digital China Innovation Contest, DCIC 2019
[data download](https://www.datafountain.cn/competitions/337/details/data-evaluation)
### Background
With the further promotion of the social credit system, the construction of its standardization is in rapid progress. Relative standards are released in succession, and multilevel standard system is urgently awaiting introduction, which includes credit service standard, credit data collection & service standard, credit restoration standard, urban credit standard, credit standard in the industry etc. Hopefully social credit standard system will be promoted at a high speed. Credit services in various industries of our society are deeply involved in advertisements, government affairs, finance, bicycle sharing, travelling, major investment projects, education, environmental protection, as well as the construction of social credit system, which is a systematic project. As an integral part of social enterprises, communication operators also need to have in place enterprise credit scoring system, boosting the credit system upgrading in the whole society. Meanwhile, our country is encouraging the data exchanges between the third-party credit services and our government, so as to strengthen the core competitiveness of governmental public credit information center.  

Measured by the dimension of clients’ consumption capacity, Traditional credit scoring is unable to reflect clients’ credit in a comprehensive, objective and timely way. As a communication operator, China Mobile possesses massive, extensive, high-quality, high-efficiency data. At present China Mobile and Newland Technology Group have joint efforts to tackle the problem of intelligently scoring clients on the basis of ample data. Operators’ intelligent credit scoring system can not only improve our social credit system, but also provide plentiful application value for China Mobile itself, including improving service for GoTone customers, credit control of defaulting subscribers, and the access to various privileges according to respective credit rating, etc. It is our sincere hope that we could acquire outstanding model system and precisely assess clients’ credit score through this modeling contest. 

### Race Task
Fujian Branch of China Mobile Ltd will provide a monthly sample data of 2018 (desensitization), which includes multidimensional information such as clients’ communication expenses, overdue account, travelling, consumption facilities, social contacts, and personal interest, etc. On the basis of analyzing & modeling, all participants are supposed to precisely assess clients’ consumption credit scores with the help of machine learning and deep learning algorithm.

